hello we begin this hour with news that
an Israeli air strike has killed the
father of an Al jazer journalist in
their home in Northern Gaza anassa
sharif's father was 90 years old Israel
had issued new evacuation orders for
jabalia but his father's age and health
made leaving impossible Al jaer
correspondent anas Sharif says the
killing of his father as well as death
threats from the Israeli Army none of it
will deter him from continuing to report
from Gaza
there is no doubt it has been the
practice of the Israeli occupation
forces the Israeli occupation forces
continue to perpetrate war crimes
against innocent civilians my family was
purposefully Ted and my father was
killed it is uh my own residential home
in jabalia refugee camp as a result my
father was killed on the spot it was a
direct strike by Israeli war
planes it was very difficult not only to
reach my dead father's body but also it
was difficult to reach my home in the
first place a few hours ago I was in the
house and I requested him to leave but
he refused after we pulled his dead body
we were not able to reach the cemetery
and we were forced to bury him in the UN
run Schoo yard and despite all the death
threats I have received from the Israeli
occupation forces officers I will
continue to fulfill my mission conveying
the message conveying the picture and
also conveying the voices of my fellow
Gins my father was killed but this
cannot deter me this cannot DET me from
fulfilling my mission the Israeli
occupation forces cannot muzzle my mouth
by killing my
father and as shif there talking about
the death of his father well let's turn
now to T Abu AUM who liess in RAF so T
tell us more about this H and of course
this comes amid more Israeli orders to
leave the
north yes uh
first we'd like to send our condolences
to our colleague an Sharif after his
father had been killed by the Israeli
occupation forces in one of the Israeli
air strikes that had destroyed the house
the house in jabalia refugee camp anas
and his family has been under Israeli
intense bombing for more than two months
and his father was an old person who is
unable to flee and evacuate uh to uh
different United Nation run shelters as
the rest of of members of Anna's family
had uh done uh uh the war on journalist
continue and anas has said that he will
continue reporting and he wouldn't be
silent as the Israeli attempt previously
had targeted a number of families of our
colleagues in alaz including and our
colleague who had lost the majority of
his family members it seems that uh
within days we are uh were expected to
uh bid far will for a lot of family
members or our colleagues which the word
did not differentiate between a
journalist and uh militant now the um
the situation in the north uh is is very
critical as the air strikes on the
territory uh had did not stop since the
early beginning of this morning where
the north of the territory is witnessing
unbearable conditions we are talking
about the occupation forces are storming
different United Nation run shelters
they are arresting uh young men and
children above 15 uh and they are
isolating women aside they are driving
men the men for unknown place for
investigation as they have been stripped
down to their underwear so literally the
situation there is very difficult and
those people in the north do not have
any safe passage to be fleeing to the uh
south of the territory where bombardment
as well continues there and T we're
hearing as well about more Israeli
bombing in the South what more have you
heard on that
[Music]
yes uh the bombing and the
confrontations on the south continues
and in particular in khuna city which is
now the theater for the Israeli
operations in in the Eastern areas in
particular where the Palestinian
Fighters are trying to block the entry
of those troops now the the main
concentration is in Alba neighborhood in
kanun uh province in the south of Gaza
and the the boming has also uh continued
in darah where 10 Palestinians have been
killed in an air strike that had leveled
to the ground one of the residential
buildings but the fact on the south is
that is that with every single air
strike that hit any Residential Building
the casualties is very high due to the
fact that uh every single house in the
south is hosting one of the evacuees
families and uh the attacks continues
despite this fact and in rafah District
right now at the back ground you can
hear the sound of the Israeli
surveillance drones that do not leave
the sky of Rafa District in the South
this area had been designated as safe
but the attacks on the south did not
stop and continues till
now T thank you T Abu AUM life there